Gavyn Brian Caldwell


1800 Willard Peak Road
Mantua, UT 84324
Phone: 4357207820
E-Mail: Gavyncaldwell@gmail.com


Professional Summary


Creative, organized and bi-lingual student who is ready to work hard, learn all that i can, and succeed in anything I do.


Skills


Customer and Personal Service
English Language
Active Listening
Speaking
Critical Thinking
Reading Comprehension


Judgment and Decision Making
Active Learning
Time Management
Computers and Electronics
Science
Programming


warehouse
pallet stacking
organizing of product onto pallets


Experience


January 2016 (current)
Utah Onion
Pallet Stacker


organizing and stacking fifty pound bags of onions onto pallets.








January 2014 to December 2015
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints 
International Representative    
Responsibilities:


Elaboration of statistical reports. 
Regional supervisor and leader of a workforce.
Training instructor to individuals and mass groups
Customer service to all types of clients.
Door to door selling
Answer telephones and give information to callers, take messages, or transfer calls to appropriate individuals.
Greet visitors or callers and handle their inquiries or direct them to the appropriate persons according to their needs.
Complete forms in accordance with company procedures.
Maintain scheduling and event calendars.
Schedule and confirm appointments for clients, customers, or supervisors.
Coordinate conferences, meetings, or special events, such as luncheons or graduation ceremonies.
Manage projects or contribute to committee or team work.
Prepare conference or event materials, such as flyers or invitations.


March 2013 to December 2013
Subway Brigham City, UT
Sandwich Artist    


Responsibilities:


Clean food preparation equipment, work areas, and counters or tables.
Take orders from customers and cook foods requiring short preparation times, according to customer requirements.
Restock kitchen supplies, rotate food, and stamp the time and date on food in coolers.
Perform food preparation tasks, such as making sandwiches, carving meats, making soups or salads, baking breads or desserts, and brewing coffee or tea.
Perform general cleaning activities in kitchen and dining areas.
Accept payments, and make change or write charge slips as necessary.
Run the register.


March 2012 to October 2012
Arbys Brigham City, UT
Team Member    


Responsibilities:


Maintain sanitation, health, and safety standards in work areas.
Clean food preparation areas, cooking surfaces, and utensils.
Verify that prepared food meets requirements for quality and quantity.
Cook and package batches of food, such as hamburgers and fried chicken, which are prepared to order or kept warm until sold.
Operate large-volume cooking equipment such as grills, deep-fat fryers, or griddles.
Read food order slips or receive verbal instructions as to food required by patron, and prepare and cook food according to instructions.
Take food and drink orders and receive payment from customers.
Cook the exact number of items ordered by each customer, working on several different orders simultaneously.
Wash, cut, and prepare foods designated for cooking.
Serve orders to customers at windows, counters, or tables.
Prepare and serve beverages such as coffee and fountain drinks.
Pre-cook items such as bacon, to prepare them for later use.
Order and take delivery of supplies.


Education


May 2013 Box Elder High School Brigham City, UT
High School Diploma  


Languages


fluent in spanish